Chordy, Tab et al Revision history.
Bit late starting with 2.6.4 but about time I documented it :-)

3.9.1
     Tab - Playing a Tab (Windows only still) will now handle chords and you can
             vary the rate at which each individual note is struck.
           Options Menu now in alphabetical order.
	   Added Edit Lyrics to the Edit button frame.
	   Reformatted the Copy/Paste frame.
           Bugfix - a couple of calls in TabMenu failed because the subroutines had
	     been moved.
	   Bugfix - small notes at end of Bend/Release not handled with the new font
	     mechanism.

3.9
           Changed the way fonts are handled. We now only look for "Regular" fonts
	     and use Windows built-in mechanism for Bold and Italic selection and the
	     PDF API2 ability to generate synthetic fonts from the Regular one.
	     This means we can now have a "Heavy" font as well as "Bold" in PDFs and
	     can individually specify the boldness weight of each.
	     The Italic slant is now also variable from negative to positive slants.
	     A side effect of the above is that what was the Tab Gonville-20 font
	     (for symbols) is now renamed as "TabSym.ttf" with its internal tables
	     modified to reflect this - the original "Style" was 20 instead of Regular!
	   Rewrote Collection.pm to be more modular and make handling easier.
	   Browser 'Sort By' button is now just a toggle.
  Chordy - Bugfix - hitting the 'Close Window' cross on the Fg/Bg Editor caused
                    an error the next time the Editor was opened.
	   Going to try and revisit the window Menu system now we've changed to Tk/Tcl.
	   Now have Menu system working on both Windows and Mac. Involved a lot of layout
	     changes - some were deletions and others just moving things around.
	   Left/Right/Top/Bottom Margins (for text ONLY) are now options.
	   Changed Verse/Chorus/Bridge/Tab handling to match the ChordPro standard
	     where the argument can be a Label. Added the Show Labels option.
	   Progress frame now only shown when handling multiple ChordPro files.
	   Update the Help file.
     Tab - Changed the Media Edit logic - now works properly.
           Removed the lefthand side buttons - now implemented in the window menu.
	   Reorganised the Page edit/option frames to be more readable.
	   Added LyricEd.pm to make moving lyric lines around easier.
	   Bugfix - Options menu now refreshes each time a file is loaded - changes
	            to options were not being shown.
	   Remade the Help to reflect the change back to using window menus.
	   New layout for buttons and options.
	   Bugfix - Backgrounds were blanking when a Background Edit was cancelled.
	   Bugfix - Editing last Bar then doing 'Next w/Save' didn't move on correctly.
	   Bugfix - The Delete key now works correctly when handling Var deletes or
	            character deletes in a Lyrix field.

3.8.7
  Chordy - Notebook Tabs and the FG/Bg Editor now built on demand to improve
             loading speed.

3.8.6
  Chordy - Bugfix - Selecting a Setlist then changing Collection resulted in the
             Setlist code still looking at the old object metadata.

3.8.5
  Chordy - More Setlist layout changes.
           Added Reverse Sort for list of Sets.
	   Can now Import as well as Export Setlists.
	   Bugfix - PDF making pop-up window not showing file name.
	   Changed the way saving 1 option works - more flexible now.
	   Recoded the Setlist metadata window and PDF generator.
	   After the above Bugfix, forgot to 'close' the made PDF before actioning!

3.8.4

  Chordy - Bugfix - In LyricOnly mode a backgroud rectangle was still being shown
             if a Capo directive was present (but not shown).
	   Bugfix - Message pop-ups now return a negative response on error.
	   Capo in PDF now shows '(ignored)' if option is set.
	   Set List PDF layout changed to be more readable.
     Tab - Copy Bar(s) now split into Header, Notes or Everything.
     
3.8.3
           ChordPro/Tab files now installable outside of the Windows Installer.
     Tab - Lyric Lines going from 1 to 0 would race on going back to 1.
           Bar number not showing in the Edit page.
	   Changing the tempo slider was not updating the page display heading.
	   Changed all "Set List"s to "Setlist".
	   Increased # of bars per line to 10 - mainly for 2/4 time.
	   Rationalised the newTextGfx subroutine and calls arguments.
	   Don't show Capo when Lyric Only selected.
  Chordy - Export All Pro files included the FOLDER option and barfed - not fatal
             as all the >pro's had already been exported.
	   Added the ability to insert a Seperator into pop-up menus.

3.8.2
	   Migrated the Installer from Visual Studio to Inno Script. Bit of a steep
	     learning curve but it's more flexible.
	   Also scrapped the Release/Upgrade builds - now just a Release package and
	     the ChordPro/Tab files are available as separate ZIP packages. I'd like
	     to make them as installable packages which don't register with the system
	     Installer. Don't know if I can - have to do more digging.
	   Added code to popWin() to always set the title bar icon == main program icon.
	   Fixed some errors in the Help page formating due to me changing my mind!

Chordy - Added 'Date Modified' and 'Revese' to Browser file lists sort options.
           Re-coded 'Export ChordPro' - the overwrite message kept popping up when the
	     'All' box was ticked.
	   Some Menu buttons had the incorrect style - were showing as push buttons.
     Tab - Added label next to the Copy button to show the Copy Buffer Bar index's saved.
           Added 'View Release Notes' button.

3.8.1
	   Build mechanism for the Mac distro had to be modified because Apple have
	     decided to move from OpenGL to Metal for the low level graphics interface.
	     This required the existing Tcl/Tk to be removed and a new version installed.
  Chordy - Added Date and Time pop-ups for Set List editing.
           Added 'All' to the Export Set List destinations.
           Bugfix - Switching Collections now carries the Current Set selection across
	     if the Set List exists in the new Collection.
	   Forgot to update the Help for 3.8
	   Recoded the ChordPro Export to enable export to one or all Collections.
	   Added note damping to Win32 Play code.
	   Changed the FontList generation logic because Apple, in their infinite wisdom,
	     decided to move where the TTF fonts are stored!
     Tab - Bugfix - Paste Over added a blank bar if the "over" was the last bar.
	   Bugfix - Playing a Tab in 3/4 time still used 4/4 timing.
           Added 2 new buttons to the Edit window to combine a Save and Next/Prev Bar.
	   Added "Off" button to the Slide/Hammer/Bend/Release Edit window.
	   Added a button to export the Tab as a text file.

3.8
     Tab - Bugfix - file selection only worked on double-click.
	   Bugfix - SaveAs worked but always threw up an error.
	   Bugfix - Page display backgrounds caused Bar end line to disappear.
           Re-wrote and fixed the Slide/Hammer code where they cross bar boundaries.
	   Re-wrote the Note position binding code. It'd grown into a complete
	     mess - almost impossible to follow :-(
	   Added Batch Make button for PDFs.
  Chordy - Bugfix - Bridge background button not changeing colour correctly.
	   Bugfix - propagated Media rename to all Collections.
           Adjusted Chords/Lyrics vertical position so that coloured backgrounds
	     are more evenly spaced.
	   Added a check button to the Font Picker so that it would only display
	     fixed width fonts.
	   Added Tempo directive.
	   Added Tab directives.
	   Added option to make blank lines 1/2 height.
	   Re-wrote Media.pm to be more 'modular';
  Editor - Added the 'Tab' directives along with the font directives.
  	   Added a vspace directive - shorthand for blank horizontal line.
           Added code to select a Chord and move it left/right/up/down.
	   Added Tempo directive.
	   Before calling the colour editor you can now select colour defining text.
	   Bugfix - Chord buttons incorrectly displayed on 2nd call from Chordy.

3.7.7
  Chordy - Added the start/end_of_grid directive to Chordy and the Editor.
           Trial of adding fonts via the installer rather than via Chordy.
	   Logic change to speed up regenerating font list.

3.7.6
           Changed the way constants are handled - no longer need Const::Fast module.
	   Made a number of changes to the Build process to reduce the total size of the
	     distribution (for Windows) which mainly involved deleteing unwanted modules.
  Editor - Added Help for Chord Offset button.
     Tab - Fixed issue with new fonts caused by the change to constant handling.

3.7.5
  Chordy - Bugfix - changing Media did not change the background colour of the background
                    buttons.
           Mailer now distinguishes between ChordPro and PDF in the "Subject" heading.
     Tab - Collection and Media Edit are now just selectors.
           Slight change to the Lyric lines positioning.
	   Added a Batch button to PDF a selected list of Tabs.
	   
3.7.4
  Chordy - Can now export a Set List to another Collection.
	   Added some extra options for the Run List output.
  Editor - Fixed problem with pasted text not being formatted correctly.
           Also fixed the issue where 2 pastes were being done by a Ctrl-V.
	   Added a "Re-format Buffer" button as there are some cases we can't catch.
	   Save button now saves to the original file rather than the temporary file.
   Chedi - Bugfix - Chord editor wouldn't open correctly the second time.

3.7.3
  Chordy - Changed the Set Lists background, Selection button wording and button/entry layout.
           Code change to Colour Swatches in the Colour Editor to higlight the currently
	     selected swatch.
	   Bugfix - call to selectionSet should be selection_set after Clone or Edit.
	   Various layout adjustments.
	   Bugfix - changed popWin() packing - help pop-ups would not expand vertically.
	   Increased width of Key list box to display keys like F#m.
	   Bugfix - Colour and Font name lists now correctly track up/down selection.
	   Bugfix - Title, Chords, Lyrics, etc. now track background colour setting in the
	     Configuration Options Tab.
	   Added a simple mechanism to print a Set List ie. a list of song titles on one page.
  Editor - Added Offset button for chord display.
           Bugfix - swatch colours not being set/saved.
	   Added code to Open() and Save() to remove trailing blank lines.
     Tab - Added Delete and Rename buttons.
           New layout for buttons and options to reduce window height.
	   Bugfix - new directives being added not showing in the correct colour/size.

3.7.2
     Tab - Removed the need for GIF manipulation to display rests. Now have a "rest" font
             (Gonville-20) that I stripped down to just have the rests in it. Auxiliary
	     fonts will now be distributed and live in the $PROG/fonts folder and will be
	     added to the system fonts folder whenever a Version change happens.
	   A "simple" way to add your own fonts is to put them in the $PROG/fonts folder
	     and then delete the file "FontList" from the Chordy home folder:
	     on Windows - C:/Users/[USERNAME]/Chordy/FontList
	     on Mac:      ~/Chordy/FontList

3.7.1
  Chordy - Issue with printing multiple PDF's caused Chordy to hang after the last file.
  Cpgedi - Directives & Chords Foreground, PDF Background and Editor Fore/Background are now
  	     all user definable colours.
           Directives and Chords are now user definable sizes independant of the text size.
     Tab - bug in Collection->change() because $AllSets is only used in Chordy.
3.7
           FileBrowser.pm is now Browser.pm and implemented as a proper module that makes a
	     Browse object that can be embedded in other objects. This has enabled the SetList
	     code to be implemented as a new tab on the notebook effectively replacing what
	     used to be a pop-up window. The previous SetList buttons have hence been removed
	     from the Miscellaneous tab.
	   Now Set Lists are semi-permanent, had to change the Collection code to update the
	     Set List tab if a Collection changed.
  Cpgedi - The font picker is now the generic one in Fonts.pm - no idea why it had it's own
             stripped down version!
 Cmsg.pm - Placed conditional around message display to catch message before The Main Window
             has been initialised.
     Tab - Fixed positioning issue with half bar rest.

3.6.1
  Chordy - Mechanism used to stop a console pop-up in CPmail was causing SumatraPDF to run but
  	     not display a window. Modified CPmail to alter/restore console display before and
	     after call to 'wmic' (only an issue on Windows).
	   Changed the way transposed files are handled. Option to Edit or Guess the key if not
	     present then put the original into the backup chain rather than a new file with the
	     original key appended to the file name.
	   Rewrote messages from Export/Import files for single/multiple items.
	   Changed the logic around creating/viewing multiple PDFs to show each one in the pop-up.
	   Recoded Editor Open sub to clean up lines of text.
	   List of ChordPro files now carries forward when a Collection is changed as long as
	     they exist in the new Collection. Any that don't get deleted from the list.
	   Added the 'View Release Notes' option.
	   Added Title, Verse and Bridge to the BackGround options.
	   Implemented a binary search for file lookup - faster. It also fixed a problem where
	     a lower case file halted the search.
	   Improved the layout and code for Exporting/Mailing ChordPro and PDF files.

3.6
           From the SendEmail changes, the packed Chordy.exe failed to run with a failure to
	     load a DLL file but, as usual from Dynaloader.pm, there was no indication of which
	     one. After much searching I found "Dependency Walker" - so I don't forget, here are
	     the steps to fix this type of issue:
	     1) Pack new version of Chordy.exe
	     2) Rename C:\Strawberry -> C:\Strawberry0
	     3) Start 'Dependency Walker'
	     4) 'Open' the packed Chordy.exe
	     5) Click on 'Profile/Start Profiling...'
	        The Profile run should fall over at the point where the DLL load fails
	     6) Get the name(s) of any missing DLLs and add them to the Makefile eg:
	        -l C:\Strawberry\c\bin\zlib1__.dll
		and rebuild/test new Chordy.exe
	     7) Rename C:\Strawberry0 -> C:\Strawberry
	   Rewrote write_file() - trying to be too clever with \r\n processing - now just
	     writes whatever is passed in. It was screwing up PDF (binary) file copies!
  Chordy - Fixed issue with renaming ChordPro files.
  	   Converted SMTP->{security} from numeric to a string.
           SendEmail is now a module contained within Chordy - fixed a bug with SSL version
	     inherent in SendEmail.
	   SendEmail now used in the Mac version.
	   The mail 'To:' Entry is now a Combobox which remembers the last 10 mailee's and
	     keeps the last 'To' at the start of the list.
	   Stopped a command window poping up when running CPmail.
  Cpgedi - start/end_background not being inserted - from changes in 3.5.1

3.5.2
  Chordy - Found a problem with new verse/chorus/bridge repeats using a numbered section.
             Whole array was being cleared on start of a new section - only the new
	     section should have been cleared.

3.5.1
           Removed use of File::Slurp and wrote my own read/write_file subs - problems
	     caused by "Wide character in syswrite" errors.
	   Rewrote Help.pm so that we can conditionally add help text depending on OS type.
  Chordy - You can now edit the Pop-Up Message Fore/Back-ground.
  Cpgedi - Directive button layout now 3 wide to reduce overall height.
           'Goto' button and Entry moved down to the line/column box with 'Help' button.
	   Rewrote file Open/Close/Save stuff as was real messy - even found one sub declared
	     twice!
	   Closed endless loop when answering 'No' to save changes.
	   Find/Replace/All now works across Mac and Win.

3.5
  Editor - Fixed bug with 'Save' and 'Exit & Save'.
           Added Start/End Verse and Bridge directives.
  Chordy - Added Start/End Verse and Bridge directives.
           Changed the Colour Editor swatch from a Canvas to a Label - easier to format.
	   Added focus points to all message pop-ups.
  Cpgedi - Rewrote the 'balloon' pop-up code - wasn't working on the Mac. Same for the
             chord pop-ups.

3.4
	   Rationalised the Help modules into one Help.pm callable with the help text to be
	     displayed.
	   Added Copyright notice into all files except A2Crd.pm
  Editor - Added the CP::A2Crd.pm module - actually a renamed App::Music::ChordPro::A2Crd
             available from CPAN by Johan Vromans.
	   This module allows you to import a text file into the Editor (chords shown above the
	     lines of lyrics) and convert it wholesale into ChordPro format.
  Chordy - You can now specify the Title background colour on a per Media basis.

3.3.1
           Re-made the .pro/.tab backup sub as Global and all use the Temp folder. Numbering
	     is now reversed from what it was - larger numbers are now older versions.
  Chordy - Fixed bug with transpose() caused by CP::Chord changes.
           Transposing changes the original to be <FileName>_<key>.pro
	   Changed positioning of messages to be more intelligent & kept within the bounds of the
	     Chordy display window (mainly for 'Line Too Long' messages).
	   Window BG colour not being saved after editing.
	   FG/BG colours now correctly Collection dependent and change when the Collection changes
	     but added a 'Menu' button to propagate colours to all Collections.
     Tab - 'Saving' an edited bar AFTER a 'Copy' then 'Paste After' resulted in the Pasted bars
             being deleted. $Tab->{lastBar} had not been updated.
	   Changed the way temporary files created when saving + more checks for writing new file.
	   Added a Metronome ability (to Windows 'Play' mode)

3.3
	   Help modules recoded to use a type of HTML format.
           Moved all modules into a CP sub-folder.
  Chordy - Running on a Mac, any menu item that pops up a window causes Chordy to crash either
             when the window opens or when it closes - no ryhme or reason to which but always
	     consistent. Did find one pop-up that didn't - almost identical to one that did :(
	     As a result I've removed the menu bar and all the functionality has been put into
	     a Menu Tab on the NoteBook as the last Tab but Chordy still starts with the main
	     Tab visible.
	   Re-did the layout for the Set List window(s) and fixed a couple of minor bugs around
	     the Search function and some major ones around New, Clone and Rename.
	   Update the Help page and improved the appearance of headings and made their layout
	     more consistent across the whole module.
	   Moved "Print Media Size" to the "PDF Page Size" section.
	   Don't redirect STDOUT to STDERR on Mac as Platypus (the App generator) has a Hissy Fit
	     and fails to start the App.
	   Removed the use of back ticks in CPmail.pm and Cmnd.pm and used open with pipe read.
	     Stops a shell being spawned and flashing up on the screen.
	   Fixed issue with centering the Sample text when selecting a font.
	   Finally figured out how to set Entry fore/backgrounds: -fieldforeground. The
	     documentaion for Tcl/Tk styles is appalling!
	   Stopped a brief command window pop-up when starting "Mail .pro" -added the
	     /INTERACTIVE:OFF arg to wmic - seems to have done the trick.
	   Added the text/chord size/colour directives. These plus the font variants now revert
	     to the defaults if no arguments to the directive are supplied.
  Cpgedi - Moved Menu to a series of buttons at the top of the page.
           Find was not higlighting the found text.
	   Implemented the Editor as a module called by chordy and cpgedi.
     Tab - Moved Menu to be buttons down the left side of the page.
           Clearing the tab page now correctly deletes the bar numbers down the left side.

3.2.1
   Chedi - Bug in code to display oneButton - binding was not to the correct Chord string.
           Re-wrote the code around the available chords pop-up. Highlighted by it not working
	     correctly on a Mac.
  Chordy - Common PDF Path was being carried over when changing Collection.
           Change to a Chorus BackGround was not being applied or propagated.
	   Fixed confusion over where List Boxes were defined.
	   Version checks only carried out on Option and FontList files.
	   Re-wrote the font height parameters used when creating a PDF - now more readable.
	   Fixed bug where Chorus background colours were not being displayed and propagated
	     correctly.
  Cpgedi - Added -f "Font Spec" command line option so that Chordy can pass in a temporary
             EditFont specification.

3.2
	   Had to work out how much of ActiveTcl we needed and how to get it installed OK.
	   There still seems to be a problem whereby upgrades fail to install *.exe over
	     the originals - something wrong with MSIs.
	   A wierd bug from STDOUT/STDERR redirection - Have to redirect STDERR to the error
	     log first and THEN dup STDOUT onto STDERR otherwise Chordy, Tab etc wouldn't
	     start but the 'ng' variants would!!
  Chordy - Can now specify a Common PDF Path so we can mix/match things like 4 & 5 String
  	     Bass Tabs and/or ChordPro outputs.
  Tab    - In the Edit Bar, a selected rest was still showing as black instead of red.

3.1
	   Now there is no restriction on bold/italic fonts that don't exist as a TTF file.
	   The PDF TTF modules can (now?) synthesize bold/italic fonts that don't exist
	     in their own right. Need to see what Mac/Linux do from within Tcl/Tk as Windows
	     seems to automagically generate them.

3.0
           EVERYTHING re-written to use Tkx in the hope that I can make Chordy et al
	     independant of a X server and dependant on Tcl which appears to be more
	     universally available on platforms like Mac.
	   The next step is to find all the Mac/Linux dependencies and code round them.
  Tab    - Removed TabBrowser.pm and incorporated it into FileBrowser.pm.
	   Wrote my own 'balloon' pop-up for Tab and Cpgedi.

2.7.4
  Global - Moved a number of common subs into Global.pm
  Chordy - Removed redundant 'NewLine' option from the Options menu.
           Fixed vertical placement of 'Key' & 'Capo' on PDF page.
	   Changed the $DATA constant to be $USER and replaced global $Data with $Parent.
	     $USER is now the full path ie includes /Chordy
  Cpgedi - Colours behind Chord, Highlight and Comment buttons now taken from the Media hash.
             Previously they were hard coded.
	   Added colour buttons for Chord, Highlight and Comment for quick entry.
  CHedit   Moved all the Chord definitions and the %CHRD hash into here.
  Chedi    Bug - fixed logic in showChord();
  Tab    - Added the 'Sync' option for Tabs.

2.7.3
  Chordy - Added the 'Sync' option in the File menu to be able to sync ChordPro files between
  	     different Collections (or anywhere else for that matter!).
	   Fixed the Collection.pm logic around add()'ing a new one and added the option to
	     'Move' a Collection and optionally delete the original.
	   Bug - When viewing/printing a transposed song the 'Key' did not get transposed.

2.7.2
  Chordy - Changed Mail mechanism to use 'SendEmail.exe' and the code (for Windows) uses
  	     Win32::Job so we can kill the process in a timely manner.
	   Added the sendmail.exe entry to the "Commands & Collections" tab.
  Tab    - Added the (simplistic) ability to play (4/5 string) bass tabs.
             TODO: other instruments.
           Added the 'tempo' directive for use with the above. Also added
	     a 'quaver = XX' to the top of the page if 'tempo' is set.
	   Corrected the logic around Play/Loop - Pause - Play/Loop
	   Added the PDFname key to the Tab hash and tab file. You can now have a number
	     of different .tab file names that will all create the same PDF file and have
	     the same Title. Typically where each file is a different key but any one of them
	     can be used to create the working PDF file. If you want individual PDF files
	     then just leave PDFname as the individual name.
	   Added the ability to shuffle Lyrics up or down a Stave.
	   Updated the Tab Help page.
	   Bug - new Key not shown on transpose.
	   Bug - Set Key did not have "B" in the list ...

2.7.1
  Tab -    Fixed bug with moving frets up/down 1 string. The range selection logic was wrong.
           Now save and load definitions for font types and colours.
	   Changed the "save" policy to be the same as for chordy ie. add a .# number to the
	     file name, so that we can go back where .1 is the first saved version.
	   Added menu item and sub to delete backups.
  Chordy - Added debugging capability into CPmail.pm for SSL & SMTP layers.
  
2.7
  Chordy - Added option to be able to email ChordPro files.
  Tab    - PDF fret numbers above 10 are now auto scaled to be 75% the normal width.
	     To make editing and the displayed page more readable, any frets above 9
	     are shown using the "Small" font but with the "Normal" font colour.
	     (I did this because, unlike the PDF font handler, I can't scale the
	     width of text on the display.)
           Stopped strings (shown with an 'x') are now always black.
	   Fixed bug where moving a fret number showed the original position as well.
	   Fixed problem where the height of a fret number was not picked up from
	     $fnt->{'OS/2'}{'CapHeight'}
	   Added a "Paste After" button option.
	   Added some code so that when editing a bar, the actual bar index rather than
	     the bars 'page' index is displayed in the editor.
	   Added TabBrowse.pm to make file selection easier.
	   Changed positioning of pop-up windows to be relative to the main window.
	   Fixed bug where killing the colour editor stopped its parent from being close.
	   Re-did editBarOpts() to use Optionmenus - much cleaner.
  cpedi -  Changed packing from 'pack' to 'grid' and fixed bug where Text area would
             not expand or shrink correctly.

2.6.11
  Tab -    Added buttons to transpose up/down one string - mainly for me to convert to/from
             4 and 5 string bass.

2.6.10
  Tab -    When Cloning a Bar, the LAST page rather than the current page is displayed.
           Bug when measuring text which has space(s) on the end for PDF. text->advancewidth()
	     call ignores the spaces.

2.6.9
  Tab -    Previously, Stave spacing was auto-adjusted to spread them equally down the page.
           Now there is NO initial adjustment and variable spacing is adjusted by:
	     Stave Line Spacing
	     # of Lyric Lines
	     Lyric Spacing
	     Inter-Stave Gap
	   At the moment, "Stave Line Spacing" is the only variant that is not saved on a per
	     xxx.tab basis - it's defined in the Chordy Option.cfg file - maybe it should be moved?

2.6.8
  Tab -    Lyrics were not being saved across page changes or Tab saves.
           Lyrics did not follow pages if a Bar had the "New Page" flag set.
	   Fixed issue with page number text not displaying correctly under some circumstances.

2.6.7
  Chordy - Reversed the print order for Multiple PDFs so the printer stacks them correctly.
           When managing multiple PDFs into a single PDF, each song has individual page
	   numbering - previously the pages were numbered sequentially from start to end.

2.6.6
  Chordy - Page numbers weren't displaying when printing multiple songs.
  Tab    - Fixed Bend & Bend/Release display.
           Added first pass of TabHelp.pm

2.6.5
  Cpgedi - Changed the exit logic to ask to save any changes.
           Reorganised the Text and Button packing order to prevent shrinking.
  Tab 	 - Added dummy sub selectClear() needed by Collection.pm in Chordy.
           Changed packing in Page view - buttons, bar numbers and Page Canvas.
           Fixed bug where Collection change did not change Media.
	   
2.6.4
  Chordy - Added "Ignore article when sorting" option to the Chordy 'Available File' list
             along with an Option to edit the Articles to ignore (default is 'the|an|a').
